[PRP-347] Participant Documentation (#114)
navapbc/wic-participant-recertification-portal: docs/participant/pages/06_upload.md

# Upload

### About this page:

> ​​We use the participant's situation to determine which kinds of documents, if any, they need to provide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the answers the participant provided to previous questions, we determine which kinds of documents, if any, they need to provide:
```

- If they don't have adjunctive eligibility, they always need to upload proof of income.
- If they moved, they need to provide proof of address.
- If they changed their name and/or their previous ID doc expired, they need to provide new proof of identity.

### Considerations for other states:

What are your policies around verifying identity and address?
If you require documents in all scenarios, you may be able to simplify this document upload flow.

> ### Development

Reviewer: It could be worth describing the "previously uploaded" behaviour that happens on this page.

Author: Did it to 11 💥
